# Acherism
A unique folk religion native to Arenfürich, which does not believe in or venerate a forefather. Instead, it centers around exalting the World and living as a part of it, taking part in its blessings, and maintaining its health for the generations to come. Under the religion’s teachings, the World is a living, semi-sentient system of sorts, which is to be respected and cared for as opposed to directly worshiped. However, the wandersoul Raul is venerated as a sort of manifestation of the World’s gifts back to its caretakers.  

Although there is no organized worship, there are religious officials, referred to as Arteries–so named for the belief that soulfire is the “blood” of the World–whose duty is to transport blood from the Heart (conscious plane) to the Body (soil and plant life.) The Arteries organize the production and distribution of agricultural products from the Pulmonary Temples, directing the Capillaries in the harvesting and planting process, while the Arteries themselves nurture the plants.  
That being said, there are various different kinds of Arteries, not just those who assist in agriculture. The large concentration of soulfire present in the Pulmonaries leads to the birth of Shades, which can sap the life from crops and harm the general populace. It is the duty of the Cleansers, another kind of Artery, to purge these creatures so that the harvest can remain plentiful and untainted.  

Selection to be an Artery is dependent on one main factor: soulfire "wattage." This is roughly dependent on the mass of living tissue on a person, though all tissue is not equal. A secondary qualification, necessary to be an Aortic (chief of a pulmonary), is extreme proficiency with the Divine Blood technique, and subsequently good control over soulfire itself.